If you think about the happy events in the eyes of the people,
and think about the story of the Ito-Ko, which took place 68 years ago in San Francisco,
the story of the Ito-Ko, which took place 68 years ago in San Francisco,
is that it was not the great city of Ito, but the present day Japan,
the sun that shines in the end,
and shines on the world's military and civilized country,
I think that is not a bad thing.
Now, the Great War, which is several hundred times greater than the Japanese War,
they defeated the Japanese invaders,
abolished the graduating Hell
and oversaw the battleship,
and fought hard on the stern parts of Yellow Station.
Ten cultures from a certain independent country appeared their contrast,
and accompanied Quickly regained peaceful relations between the north and the east,
and centered cities petals
with the aim of Jehovah's Witnessz of a grand
and standard hyung CN Arbitration
I, as a Soutosu, rapper national
would like to pass on my expectations
to all U.S.needs
to light up and carry on
our route towards the year of the Great Downfall
of the Macrirchen
to a new era of the 21st century
time the title ofgi Wesaka
for decades
the reputation and status
after the
年式 performance of the new year competition
, this year,
they labour with the
khantung people
.
After beginning the sangha,
the father-son brothersKAnego-ketaro I
who dedicated his life to
all beings into good ways
, born Y was married
Thank you for watching!